Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, on the heels of Amazon's entry into game publishing, Google recently acquired a game peripheral company likely for use on a future Android device. Also, the first rule of DriveClub is do not talk about DriveClub's release date, because there isn't one. We'll tell you about all this and more on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. This is Orange Lounge Radio for this March the, not the 13th, the day we're recording, but March the 16th of 2014 with episode number 544 of our show.
Hello from the past, but I'll get to that in a minute. My name is Rob Roberts, joining you as always with my co-hosts. Say hello here with me in studio to Jamie Sommers for DarkSakura.
I live through the power of caffeine.
How are you doing?
Sup bitches who aren't in chat.
You're somewhere between caffeinated and coffee-nated.
I guess. I'd live on coffee since I work in tech support. My entire diet is coffee.
Is it instead of like, you know, the big jugs of water, you know, filtered water that most offices have, they just have jugs of coffee?
We have coffee makers in all of our break rooms that give us free coffee.
Nice. It's important.
With the option of a half-caf.
Okay.
So, the land of cubes in tech is equipped with coffee. It should also be the lands of cube tech in coffee, but that wouldn't make a good acronym.
It wouldn't be quite as good of an acronym.
We also say hello via the Skype line once again. He's with us this week. Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Loki?
Doing all right.
Yeah. How's being a dad going?
It's going okay.
Yeah.
Tiring.
Any new projects that you've been able to start while you've been trying to raise the kids in between?
I've been working in Unity. That's about it.
Were you inspired by FlappyVog?
Not necessarily. Well, sort of. Basically, I looked at the amount of cell phone games that are out there and how people make kind of a quick buck.
The way I look at it is if I put something together, even if it just does mildly okay, it's still more money than no money. So, you know, why not?
So, you just kind of want to throw something out there and see what sticks?
Well, originally I was going to do something like that.
But then I ended up going back to... Originally when I was trying to make games and stuff, I had a bunch of concepts I was throwing around.
And I actually had stuck with one. You're going to love this, except the fact that all the work is gone now.
I actually was working on an F-Zero GX clone at one time, and it was on my old laptop hard drive, and I lost everything.
No!
But that was really cool. I may go back to that someday, but all my work's gone there.
So I started a new project, and I've been kind of chugging along with it, and it's okay so far.
I'm just trying to get some of what I wanted out of the engine done, and then I kind of have a basic idea of what I want to do.
But I'm trying not to get, you know, they call it feature creep, where you start like, hey, I want to do this and this and this and this.
And it just gets overly complicated. But so far, because I've watched lots of videos and read things about Unity and programming and all that stuff.
And I just don't retain any of it unless I actually do it. So I've been doing it, and I've been learning a lot.
So that's what I'm kind of doing now.
That's very normal. I do the corporate training for a living, and we learn as trainers pretty early on that some people live by hearing, some people live by watching.
A lot of people learn by doing, and the best method of teaching people involves some combination of the three.
So by you kind of, you know, listening and hearing the YouTube and then actually getting the hands-on practice, I think, is the most important part.
But, you know, there was that big interview that came out with Dong Nguyen this week in Rolling Stone.
Somebody finally tracked him down and found him. He did that big interview to Rolling Stone.
And it really sounded like, you know, he never intended to make the type of money.
I think we kind of knew this anyway based on his tweets, but he never intended to make the kind of money off Flappyware that he did.
It just kind of took off and it went viral. So you never know what games are going to go viral or what games may not catch on.
It's cool that I kind of, you know, want to do that, but, I mean, I don't think you can really expect that.
And all I'm trying to do is I'm trying to do something somewhat unique, but I don't know.
I've already, in my process of, you know, researching stuff, I found one other game that's very similar.
But the style-wise is going to be completely different and the tone of it is going to be kind of different.
So, we'll see. But right now, I mean, I actually had some problems in the engine that I was trying to solve.
And I actually came up with a creative solution that worked. So I was like, wow, I actually learned something.
You know, there's a plug-in that I knew nothing about and I was just like, oh, I don't know how the heck to use this.
And, like, during lunch today, I figured out how to use it. I was like, okay, cool. So I'm actually going to be able to do this, I think.
Another little piece of the puzzle.
Yeah.
Well, good luck to you. We're going to check in on updates when we get over to our new studio, which, to kind of transition a little bit,
I think, unless this is your very first time listening to Orange Ons Radio, in which case, welcome.
And I warn you tonight is a very different sort of episode. But for those of you guys that do listen to Orange Ons Radio every week,
you guys know that we're actually not live on Sunday night this week because I am currently in the process of moving from the apartment that I'm currently in
into a house where our new studio will be at. So, therefore, we had to shut down the show for this week.
But we still wanted to, you know, those of you guys that rely on us to be there every week, we wanted to give you at least a little something,
even though the show tonight will probably be a lot shorter than what we're used to.
And a big part of that reason is that we do not have our chat room tonight.
But for those that are listening to the premiere on Sunday night, a big hello to all you guys in chat who stuck around after Bobby's show
because we do typically tape live on Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network,
vognetwork.com. And we will be back there next week, barring any major malfunctions in the new studio.
Just a disclaimer there. We will be back in the next week with a brand new live show and look forward to having you guys there.
But not a dead show.
Well, let's hope. Let's hope. I don't want this to be our last episode ever. Although I'm sure it will be a fine episode.
We're gonna hit on some of the usual segments that we usually do here, just in a bit more speedy format if, for lack of a better term.
We don't really have a kickoff topic tonight, so I'm gonna get right into our gaming weeks.
So, DarkSakura, how was your gaming week? What kind of video games have you been playing this week?
I did play some Final Fantasy XIV, and I've been playing a lot of Animal Crossing, which I just wrapped up doing, because these bitches keep inviting themselves to my house.
This is so funny. We were just about ready to record, and I'm coming out of the restroom, heading over to the coffee machine, and DarkSakura go,
I hate it! I hate it when people invite themselves over to my house. And I'm like, whoa, is somebody at your house? Do you, like, have to go?
And she's like, I'm talking about Animal Crossing. I'm like, oh. I thought maybe, like, somebody let themselves into your house, like they wanted to play pinball or something.
And she goes to my house. Just me and the cat.
I've been to your house. That's not true.
Yeah, like, four times.
That's a few times.
It's all good. It's all good.
I watched Showgirls with you. It was girl bonding.
That was awesome.
And then you got to try...
No, we had the bottle of Frivolo that night, didn't we?
No, no, no, no. You got to try the honey wine.
If it involved liquor? I don't remember.
I got to try the elderberry wine. That stuff was amazing.
Yeah, you, me, and Monet will have to get together and watch more scary movies again.
Heck yeah.
Anyway, sorry to interrupt your gaming week.
Girl.
Final Fantasy XIV?
Yeah, I played that. Played Animal Crossing. That's about it, because I've been working, working it.
But I am very sad, because I cannot do my birthday at Disneyland this year.
Because it's fucking Easter.
Oh, so it's going to be packed.
You always run into that danger around your birthday, though.
I do. And it's also the last weekend of Passover, so I have to observe and not have K go on my birthday again.
We all have these odd events that happen around our birthday. Like, you have Easter.
Sometimes there are mass murders on my birthday.
You know what's always around my birthday is the Gay Pride Parade in San Francisco.
Oh, that's right.
So that's where all my friends want to go. They're like, they don't care about my birthday.
Speaking of games and gay, I have my ticket to GamerX.
I heard!
Thanks to a lovely listener, which I don't know if he wants me to say it was him, but happy birthday.
You know who you are. Wink, wink.
Happy birthday to me. Thank you very much for the ticket. I greatly appreciate it.
That was really cool. Jamie told me who you are, obviously, and I'm like, that was so cool of him.
Yeah. So that means I get to go. So I'm not as depressed about Disneyland anymore.
So I'm actually probably going to be even canceling my time off request for work, so that I can take the time off for GamerX.
Hopefully it'll work out where we're going to have a panel again this year and this time you can be on the panel.
Cool.
And so some of our listeners can come meet you.
But now I have to cosplay and I have no time to make a fucking costume.
So anyone listening to this show, if you want to help me make a costume or, you know, I will buy fucking material and whatever.
I know some people here locally through the theater stuff I've done that can help you out, especially one girl I'm thinking of actually specializes in cosplay.
She would cost though. So it just kind of depends if you're willing to spend the money.
Well, the ideas that I have is just doing a, you know, a femme shop costume, just the pants and my hoodie, just because it'd be easy and quick.
Well, if you cosplay, I'm going to have to cosplay.
Hell yeah. My other one is wanting to do something Homestuck.
At least I could use mine at Dragon Con also, so it wouldn't be a complete waste.
I want to do a Silph of Heart costume for Homestuck, which actually looks really easy. It's just I don't sew for shit.
I have butchered and put together all of my last costumes from thrift store finds, which granted my Jill Valentine costume was really good.
Thrift stores where it's at, you don't know how many Rocky horrors and clues and repos, genetic operas and all that.
Do you remember my Shorty cosplay?
Oh god.
And my Emmy cosplay.
That was when I first met you.
That was. I wore it to AX 2000.
For those that don't know who Shorty or Emmy are?
Shorty from, I did the Bust a Move 2 version, or Bust a Groove.
And then Emmy was one of the characters, and I did the DDR fourth mix version.
But no one was my rage.
Sorry to hear it.
I also busted my knee-
You've got all the rage you need.
Oh, thank you.
I also busted my knee open doing a knee drop on a DDR fourth plus.
Fuck, that hurt.
No, I didn't do fourth mix version, I did third mix version.
Did I? I had the hat. I had to go out, I paid more for the hat than I did the rest of the costume.
Alright, anyway, we're sidetracking, we're getting away-
Yes, video games.
We're getting away from your gaming week. Let's go over to Loki. Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't play much, because I just don't have a lot of time, so I played a little bit of South Park, and then I played some Call of Duty Modern Warfare last night. Modern Warfare 1.
That's it?
That's it.
Oh, and I got a little sidetracked, and I played 2048 a little bit.
Oh God, that game came up on Hoard House this week, and Grandpa was quite angry that he got addicted. He said he spent like four hours playing that game the other day.
I played 2048 as well this week, a little bit.
You know what's funny? My highest score was just from making myself go in circles with the keyboard.
I was like, okay, screw this, I'm just gonna hit random keys.
And I'm like, oh great, yeah, I get the highest score from that.
Isn't that the same thing as that Threes game that's really big on iPhones? It's pretty much the same game, but just slightly different numbers or something?
Yeah.
Alright. So very similar games. Yeah, 2048. I don't remember the website, but I'm sure you guys can Google it and find it, just like 2048 game.
And yeah, it's this little free, simple little browser-based game where you try to match tiles together, and they create bigger numbers and powers of two.
Yeah, it's like Gabriel... just search for 2048. It's the first one that comes up. It's too hard to spell it.
Okay. Alright, well, that's it for Loki's Gaming Week, and I'll talk about my gaming week a little bit.
I actually, and I don't know if you got around to touching this game, you know on last week's show we had Seg here, and he was pimping Dominique Pamplemousse was the game. I'm totally mispronouncing it.
Dominique Pamplemousse.
Pamplemousse, which is French for cantaloupe or grapefruit or one of those, I guess.
But I did play a little bit of that because he was nice enough to hook me up, so I played a little bit of that on Steam. I didn't get very far.
I installed it.
Yeah, I can't give you like a full review of the game, but I just can say, like remember we played the trailer last week, and I was like, this is kind of like an art film.
It is very, it's very out there. That's not a bad thing. I'm just warning you. It's like black and white, this really weird like choppy stop motion animation thing.
But, and plus the game is created where the character sings everything and all the supporting characters sing all the lines.
And I'm really not sure what to think about that because it's not exactly melodic. It's a little bit out there.
But it kind of, you can tell it really comes from the heart for that reason. It's like I'm really getting inside like somebody's head.
Like I'm really playing somebody's like psycho, well I shouldn't say psycho dream, but playing somebody's...
You're playing their Silent Hill.
No, no, because that implies it's like, it's not even about like scary things at all.
It's neurosis, no.
Yeah, it's more like I'm getting inside, I'm literally feeling like I'm getting inside somebody's head and it's a little bit, it's a little bit strange.
It's, I think it's pretty cool.
Yeah, no, it's cool, but I'm just going to warn you guys, like when you hear point and click adventure game, you think, oh, it's like King's Quest or it's like Walking Dead or something.
No, it's not really like any of that. It's, it's, it's really out there, but it's, it's, it's a trip worth taking if you've got the five bucks to spare.
Um, other games that I've been playing this week besides things that we were pimping on last week's show, uh, more Final Fantasy 14, of course, and more Diablo 3, uh, still playing a bit of Diablo 3.
I also checked out a little bit because I hadn't played this game yet somehow, Bejeweled 3. That's right, I'm going, I'm kicking it casual.
Okay.
Uh, Bejeweled 3 from the PopCap bundle, which is available through the Hubble bundle, which by, by the way, um, I didn't see it in our list of news.
I guess I'll bring up here somewhere.
There's a Sega bundle.
Is there a Sega bundle?
I got an email today about a Sega bundle.
Yeah.
I'll have to look that up. Well, not to distract too much because this is actually pretty serious. PopCap, I guess, had some pretty serious layoffs today, which is a real bummer coming off of the, that bundle.
I mean, all of that was going to charity. It's not like that was to, to, but it's like, uh, it sucks when you've got a company like PopCap that makes these really cool casual games and, you know, at least up until the time they got bought by EA, really felt like they were doing everything right.
And even, even still, like, you know, people are excited about Garden Warfare and Plants vs Zombies 2 and Pagle 2, but it does seem like the PopCap factory isn't churning them out as fast as they used to.
And I'm not sure what's up with that.
Yeah. They're not popping those caps as fast as they used to. And I don't know what's up with that.
And now to hear about these layoffs and I don't, this isn't the first round I feel like that's been reported on for PopCap either.
So it's, it's a real bummer.
And, uh, I, I, I don't know. I don't know if something was mismanaged or what the hell's happened over there at PopCap, but I just, from the outside looking in, it really seems like y'all were better off before you got bought by EA, which is sadly a theme we've heard before.
Well, I've got the list of Sega games, by the way, which I might actually have to do this because there's something in here I want.
Are these classics games or new games?
Uh, some of them are classics.
They're older games.
Um, it's, uh, binary domain, renegade ops, 10 classic Sega Genesis games, medieval two total war, uh, shogun two, if you pay more than 15 bucks, um, hell yeah, wrath of the dead rabbit, Rome, total war.
What the hell kind of games is Sega making? I haven't heard of that one.
Um, company of heroes, alpha protocol and typing of the dead overkill, which is worth it to me.
Oh, that's worth it right there. Yeah.
Yeah. That's if you pay more than six, but I don't care about getting shogun. So I'll pay six bucks.
Hmm. All right. Well, that's cool. I didn't know that that bundle was out. That's pretty cool.
It's worth it for typing of the dead.
So anyway, yeah, I played bejeweled three tangent, but, uh, which, you know, is not that dissimilar from bejeweled one and two, but there is a, like an interesting quest mode where there's all these different types of puzzles.
And like, so it kind of varies the match three format, which to be fair, candy crush saga was kind of trying to do that too with their game, but there, I really feel like there's so much, we weren't talking about them anymore.
We're not, but I'm going to say something negative. Okay, good. Okay. It's done a lot better in bejeweled three and it doesn't involve microtransactions.
And I donated to charity instead of this website, pop caps, not run by assholes unless you count EA. Yes, exactly.
Well now, and now it's kind of like they need the money except the humble bundle. I think a, the humble bundle thing's over and B it was all for charity anyway, but the charities need the money.
So yes, there are kids with cancer out there. Keep an eye, keep an eye on, uh, and leukemia and hemophilia, which is awful.
Lots of lots of houses. I don't want to talk about it right now. All right. Let's, uh, um, housekeeping real quick, of course, twitter.com slash O L R.
And you can also follow us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio. And, um, we will be back live again next week with our next episode, which would be five 45 if I haven't lost count.
So, all right. Uh, you can't count. We're going to get into some gaming news. This thing's cool. What thing? Oh, I'm playing with Rob's light because I'm distracted.
It's actually Allen's. It's like a little bookmark. This is awesome. It's like a, it's a reading light. Oh, great radio.
All right. Uh, we're going to get into the news a little bit free form tonight. We don't have like a really harsh like list of everything, but, uh, dark soccer, I guess we'll start with you.
What do you want to talk about? Sad stuff. All right. Stuff that makes my heart hurt because I love Namco and I love Homestuck.
Um, basically, uh, Shifty Look, which is a Namco subsidiary that's basically just out there to promote some sleeping Namco characters, is going out of business.
Um, they are completely closing down their game servers, closing down the, uh, the different, uh, comics.
Bravo Man, uh, which is the game that they had released, is going to still be out, um, via the App Store and Google Play and the Amazon App Store, uh, until March 30th and it will still support, uh, purchases through March 16th.
Namco High is closing down on June 30th, so that means I need to finish the game with everybody and then figure out how to save the Flash file because I'm going to keep playing it.
Um, they still are going to play through with, uh, the release of Wonder Momo, uh, for the digital downloads, um, but that's about it. It's going to be going away. I have, I have much cry.
And if you haven't played Namco High yet, freakin' play it. It's amazing.
And you don't have much time left? Yeah, you only have till June, so play it.
Although, you're right, somebody will figure out how to grab that Flash file and put it on their own site or something.
Yeah.
Uh, was that the only news you had? Yeah, but I have sadness in my heart.
Well, that's fine. You take some time to recover.
Um, let's see, I'm going to read one story here and then, then we'll let Loki do the rest. We'll give Loki all the hard work, but I was really excited to hear about this.
So, Loki, I'm sorry if I'm taking this from your list, but I am so excited to hear that they have started, I don't usually get excited about Kickstarters.
In fact, usually I, I kind of make a squinchy face at them, but I am very excited to hear that there is a Kickstarter for Frog Fractions 2.
Oh, Lord. No word if the subtitle is Electric Boogaloo, but I don't know if you guys have ever played the Flash game Frog Fractions.
It should be Electric Frog. I have not.
It's, it's hilarious. All I'm going to say is that stick with Frog Fractions, because a lot of people play it for literally 30 seconds, as sometimes our gamer ADD does.
Especially with older looking retro like type games will go like 30 seconds. Oh, remember this game? Haha.
But like people are like, I don't get just, I'm telling you, stick with it and watch the banana start to peel because it's a funny game and it's worth sticking with.
So yeah, Frog Fractions 2 is being Kickstarted and they're looking for $60,000 and the game is developed by Twinbeard is his name, although his name is actually Jim Crawford.
By the way, he totally stocks Twitter for mentions of Frog Fractions because I get my tweets favorited all the time.
Anytime I mention Frog Fractions in a positive light. But yeah, Frog Fractions is quote unquote edutainment, but it's so much more and you've got to see the video for the Kickstarter.
It is, Loki, did you watch the video for the Kickstarter?
I did.
Isn't it great? But what's also great about this, I think what's interesting about this, if I was reading it right, is that you don't get the game until the game is found.
Like the game has to actually be found, I think that was the impression I was getting, is that the game has to actually be found before everybody will actually get to play it.
Yeah, because it's not actually called Frog Fractions.
Yeah, it's something else. But yeah, in Kickstarter he talks about if you figure out what it's named before the jig is up, you email him and he'll give you a code immediately for the game.
I bet it's getting jiggy with it.
I don't know, it could be anything. It could literally be anything with this game.
It could be cowboy hat.
I'm assuming there's hints in the video, so you're going to have to watch it like 50 times closely.
But yeah, Frog Fractions 2 is on Kickstarter and I'm very excited about that.
I hope there's another, I don't want to spoil it for those who haven't played Frog Fractions 1, but I hope there's certain modes that come back and certain ones that don't.
I don't ever want to play another text adventure game. Anyway, that's actually not true.
Alright, Loki, what do you have for us?
Okay, so let's talk a little bit about Drive Club.
Drive Club, unfortunately, was a game that was supposed to be out at the launch of the PlayStation 4.
And then it got delayed. And then it got delayed again.
And now it's been taken back to the drawing board.
It isn't ready to be shipped and they don't have any sort of release date for it.
That's too bad. It kind of looked cool.
That's really weird and alarming in a way.
Like, this game is going to come out! Oh my gosh, we're pushing it so far back we're not giving you a release date anymore.
Yeah, pretty much.
That almost talks about a full...
What studio was working on this game? Was it Santa Monica by chance?
No, it was a studio behind the Motorstorm series. I don't remember which one it was.
I was wondering if maybe it tied into the unfortunate news we had last week.
What's that old saying? You'll forgive a game that's good even if it's late, but a bad game will always be bad?
Something like that. I'm totally hacking a Miyamoto quote or something.
Good enough.
Yeah, good enough though. You get the point.
It was Evolution Studios was the one behind it.
Thank you. As long as the game is good, then people will forgive the delay, I suppose.
But if they release it bad...
Although, wasn't this game supposed to be a free thing for PlayStation Plus people?
Well, they were going to have a stripped down version that was going to be free.
It was almost like a free-to-play model where you could start off with a chunk of it and you can buy the rest if you want.
I wonder if that's all out the window this week.
It might not be. You never know.
Alright.
And then, let's see. Google, they just bought Green Throttle Games.
Now, if you're not familiar with Green Throttle Games, they put out these game controllers for Android.
And it's actually the founder is Charles Huang, who was the co-creator of the Guitar Hero franchise.
I want to say we met him. I don't remember though.
That name sounds very familiar.
Was that one of the people that came to your house, Jamie, that one time?
There was some guy. I don't remember if it was. I have to take away this guy.
I don't think so.
No, I think that was the guy that co-founded Red Octane, though.
Oh, Red Octane. Okay.
And you might have met him at E3, back when they would be in Kensha Hall and stuff.
Anyway, so they bought them up, so everyone's thinking, okay, what exactly do they need a controller company for?
Well, the thought is, perhaps, it's going to be going into a Google set-top box or some sort of Android console, if you will.
So it's very interesting to see what they're going to do with that.
Maybe they're just trying to beat Apple to the embedded console market.
Because I have a feeling everyone thinks that Apple's going to try to do something with Apple TV,
now that they have standardized controllers and stuff, that they're going to try to almost turn it into a gaming console,
that maybe they're going to try to beat them to the punch.
I'm getting a little worried there's going to be too many cooks in the kitchen, though,
because there's also the rumors that Amazon's cooking something up.
And one of the big news stories that came out the day that we're recording the show is that Amazon is bumping up the price of Prime to $99,
which, when you consider it, I don't know about you guys, but I use the shit out of that two-day shipping,
and that is really special. Again, it has to do with costuming shows and props and things.
I think it saved my butt so many times. I really enjoy having that.
But you've got to wonder if Amazon's not going to look to sweeten the pot a little bit and nullify that backlash,
because it is still, to go from $79 to $99, that's still a good, more than a 20% increase. That's a 25% increase.
Yeah, and we use it. We share an account that has it, but we use it.
Yeah, well, Alan and I get to share one, too, since we live in the same house.
But still, you've got to wonder, they're going to sweeten the pot with some other things.
And one of those is rumored to be some type of gaming-type service. Who knows? Who knows?
Maybe. I don't know. I could see them doing something like that.
But I'm just worried there's too many cooks in the kitchen, because obviously you're going to have your Nintendo, your Sony, your Microsoft.
They all make the big box systems. Well, actually, I would say Nintendo to a lesser extent, a little bit.
Sony and Microsoft really make those all-in-one hubs, whereas Nintendo's really trying to focus on their out-there hippie gaming system,
which some people love, some people hate, whatever. And then you have things like Ouya that are kind of like, I don't know,
they're sort of media hubs, but I don't even know what to define Ouya. It's cheap. It's a cheap alternative.
Yeah, Ouya is basically just kind of a tablet redesigned. It's almost like a case mod for a tablet with a video out on it.
I feel like that's what every other company wants to come after, is that cheap alternative.
And we're going to be looking at $99 boxes from Amazon, from Google, from maybe even Apple,
although they might kind of be injecting it into their Apple TV thing.
Still, it's kind of like, okay, I don't have room on my shelf for all this crap. Somebody's going to lose, ugly.
Yeah, I don't know how they're going to end up working that out.
We'll see.
And then, let's see. This was interesting. I actually saw this. I got a Kickstarter update from Kung Fury.
Apparently they are in talks with Tribute Games, the company that they do some really cool retro-style games.
They have that Mercenary Kings that's coming out, and they're in talks and maybe doing some sort of game tied in with Kung Fury.
Of course, it's still very early on that, but that'd be pretty awesome if that actually happened.
Hmm. Let's see. Now this was interesting. I saw that Phil Spencer had been responding to the complaints about Games with Gold.
Basically people comparing that service and their selection of games to Playstation Plus.
One of our issues with Games with Gold, not issues, but differences between the other system we get compared to,
is the fact that Games with Gold, you get to keep the game regardless of whether it continues to subscribe.
And the business around Games with Gold for us is just fundamentally different than some of the other programs that are out there,
which does put different financial picture on, you're going to go buy a game that's brand new,
the cost of putting it in, or just to be kind of blunt about it.
Now, here's the thing though. The reason that they're not being generous in the fact that they're giving you the game to purchase,
it's because they don't have the infrastructure in place to allow you to limit renting the game, I guess,
or being able to download the game only if you have gold.
There's nothing in place to do that right now on the Xbox Live Marketplace.
That's why they give you the game as a purchase. Otherwise they would probably go that route that they have with Playstation Plus.
They just don't have that in place and they can't really, they're not going to pay you to add that in.
Wait, the structure is there to limit the download to somebody that only has gold,
but you're talking about the whole expiring and extending the license every time you sign in,
and the things that Playstation does, that you can't do.
Yeah, they have something in place where they can make something expire after a certain amount of time,
so like for rentals they can do that because they do that with their video service,
and I think they've done that with some demos before,
and they have the option to limit downloads to only gold subscribers.
However, they can't say that, oh, when you become a silver, if you've downloaded it once,
they can't say, oh, well, once you're silver you can't download that again.
They don't have that in place. That's the problem.
So I thought that was interesting that they're spinning it in a different way.
Well, we let you keep these games. Well, yeah, because you don't have an option.
Because you have to. That's kind of funny.
Interesting.
Yeah. Let's see. And then this was also kind of funny. I saw this and was like, okay, really?
Battlefield 4, you know, they've been having server problems since the game launched,
and it hasn't gotten any better, and it's been kind of terrible for the last, I don't know, however long.
Well, now, apparently, they're going to start offering dedicated server rentals,
like they did with Battlefield 3.
What?
Yeah, so, sure, our game's netcode's really terrible, but you can fix it if you pay us.
So I thought that was just kind of interesting. It's like, fix your game first, and then sell something.
Just like they've been working on the expansions, but still haven't finished fixing all their netcode problems.
Wow, that's so interesting that, you know, they're willing to just sell you a server when they can't.
It's kind of, it's a little shady.
Yeah.
And then, let's see, this is kind of cool. Smash Brothers, I remember that they were trying to get it into EVO,
and finally it's been confirmed that Smash Brothers, or Super Smash Brothers Melee is going to be in the 2014 EVO tournament.
And it's now officially in there, because I remember before they were having some issues with Nintendo,
that, you know, they wanted in there, and they were delaying stuff, and I think it last year had to be, you know, pulled from it or something.
But now I guess it's actually going to be in there, which will be kind of cool.
I don't know why they're, like, not supporting more of that type of stuff.
You would think it would be good coverage for, I don't know, the new Smash Brothers canvas coming out?
Yeah. But it just goes to show that complaining a lot will get you somewhere.
Because, you know, everybody complained about the lack of that last year.
So, bitching and internet petitions, sometimes they work.
Usually only in the world of video games, though.
And then there's a chance that Flappy Bird is going to be coming back.
Actually, the official Flappy Bird, not all the billions of clones that are taking its place.
You mean such as flappy.vognetwork.com? Wink. Sparkle.
Apparently, Dong Nian, he had an interview, I guess, and they were saying that he's not only possibly going to bring the game back with a message,
or I guess a warning message on it, but he is also working on three other games.
One of which, he says, a cowboy-themed shooter with simple controls.
There's a vertical flyer named Kitty Jetpack. Techno Kitten Adventure much?
Yeah, that was the first place my mind went to.
And an accident chess game called Check-A-Not.
That sounds at least original, but the other one, whatever.
Haven't we had battle chess before?
Am I the only person that ever played battle chess?
Oh no, I played battle chess, too. Chinese chess.
That was crazy, because it's totally a different game.
Sort of tangency. I always wished that they had made the 3D battle chess, you know, like the three-layer chess from Star Trek.
Oh yeah.
And a dental battle chess version of that with Klingons and everything. That would have been awesome.
They'd probably have something like it in Star Trek Online or something.
But battle chess could also be something like Archon, which I've done as a game of the week before.
It could be where the pieces actually battle, who knows.
Yeah.
That concept seems a little in-depth, though, for the types of games that Dong Luen's kind of been putting out.
Like, let's be real. Flappy Bird. Not a complicated concept.
A kitten with a jetpack. If it's anything like either Techno Kitten Adventure or Jetpack Joyride or one of those...
Not a totally difficult concept to execute, so we'll see.
Yeah.
Let's see. And then I was going to say, there's this brand new Nintendo console coming out.
Except it's not an official Nintendo console. It's actually a...
You know how they have all those third-party knockoff consoles?
Well, now they have one called Analogue NT that's supposed to be coming out that it doesn't actually emulate the Nintendo.
It actually uses real... I don't know if I guess real hardware to play the games.
But it also has some different functionality with it.
It's going to have an RGB output, so you're going to get improved visuals on everything, especially on newer TVs.
Four-player functionality, Hi-Fi audio, and it's going to come in an aircraft aluminum case.
So, it's kind of neat.
I know that there's ways you can hack RGB into an NES and stuff, but this will actually be something that's built into it as opposed to a hack.
So, looks kind of cool.
Bummer it can't be HDMI, though, because isn't the Retron 5 supposed to be HDMI whenever that finally comes out?
Well, RGB would be... you could do HDMI, because it would be like a VGA type of signal.
Oh, I thought RGB... I don't know why. When you say RGB, my mind goes to component, because they are literally red, green, and blue cables.
But why? It's an 8-bit system. Why?
Because newer TVs...
No, why?
Because it looks better. Because the colors are better, and it actually looks like it should look like.
But it doesn't matter.
Because you literally... like taking an Atari 2600, you cannot play on a TV these days.
Well, okay, you have to have a million adapters, and then they...
One adapter.
But it's going to lose quality. It's going to lose quality going through an adapter.
We hooked up our Atari 5200s to computer monitors with an S-video adapter that worked.
It's interesting, though, because you can talk about... do you really want to enhance the picture of a...
I think I kind of see where you're getting, Darsyra, because when you enhance the picture of a classic gaming console, is it really classic gaming?
Because some of our memories with the Atari 2600 was like you were plugged into Channel 4.
Channel 3 or Channel 4, depending on your neighborhood, and you always had that TV noise that interfered with your game.
But that's how it looked, man. That's how you played the game.
And on top of that, having a lower quality sort of blurs the lines around the pixels a lot better.
That's actually what some of the characters, their shape is programmed around TV blokes.
I can actually see that argument, actually.
So that's why I have a problem. I mean, we still have a 32-inch CRT, so if we want to, we can play our games on old systems.
We saved the TV for that purpose, so we can play it the right way.
Until it breaks.
Knock on wood.
Well, I was going to say, they actually have a website. The website that's selling has some side-by-side pictures of what it looks like.
The RGB output and just the standard NES stuff.
I was trying to see if I could find that so I could link it to you guys, because it looks really cool.
I just don't know. I don't know. I would have to see how expensive it would be or something, obviously.
But, I don't know. It's a neat idea, I guess.
It's still a way to get classic gaming back in people's living rooms, so it's cool.
I think I'm a little more interested in Retron 5, even if it does involve emulation,
but just because of the sheer volume of consoles that it does in one box,
and the fact that it's very easy to hook into my current TV is a little bit alluring.
Yeah. Okay.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, picture.
Oh, this is kind of neat. PlayStation Home's finally getting trophies.
Trophies for PlayStation Home?
Yeah, I guess you have a reason not to play PlayStation Home.
Oh, also they brought back that quest thing you can do to unlock those PlayStation 1 games.
They had something where you can unlock, what was it, Twisted Metal, Warhawk.
Oh, yeah. I remember that.
I don't remember what else, but they had done that a while back, but yeah, it's going to have trophies now.
Still weird to me that they never tried to do anything with Home on PlayStation 4.
Like, they're going to, if they don't announce something with PlayStation 4,
then they're clearly going to pull the plug on PlayStation Home in the next couple of years.
It's kind of interesting.
It would look cool. I mean, it would be pretty sweet if they did something like that.
Yeah.
Especially now with everybody, like, having cameras and broadcasting and stuff,
maybe you could have some sort of Twitch integration.
Well, hold on. Jamie's still hovering on the analog thing you were talking about a minute ago.
She's doing some research. How much are we talking for this thing?
$649.
What?
I know, right?
What's it made out of? Titanium?
This is analog CMVS. Oh, never mind. This is the Neo Geo thing. That's all they had at their range.
Oh, Christ.
They don't have the actual device up there for pre-order yet. It's supposed to be coming later this month.
Oh, well, $649 for a Neo Geo.
That's not so bad.
That's typical.
I'm actually going to email these people and see if they can give me any information.
Don't you know who I am? I want a discount.
Anything else, Logie?
There's one other thing. It's kind of sad.
You may remember there was an Ouya game or a game that was debuting on Ouya.
It was kind of like an art piece almost. It was called That Dragon Cancer,
which was basically this guy, Ryan Green, and kind of his way of coping with the fact that his five-year-old son had terminal cancer.
Well, unfortunately, this morning his son died.
But, yeah, quite sad. Actually, go check out the trailer and stuff.
It is supposed to be debuting on Ouya, but I think it's coming to other platforms at some point.
It was kind of they got in with that funding where they would back them double or whatever on Kickstarter.
Also, it debuted on Ouya and was exclusive for a while, so that will be coming out.
But it's basically, if you watch some of the development stuff about it,
it's kind of like the story of their son and all the stuff that he kind of suffered through and everything.
So, pretty depressing.
Oh my gosh. Go to Costco and get some Kleenex when you're going to play that game.
That's going to be a rough one.
That will be a rough one, yeah.
Well, I feel like I have to kind of try to end things on a little bit more of a lighthearted note,
although that was a very important story, Loki.
I'm going to try and give you one more thing that at least maybe we can all have a good laugh here with a different story,
and that is that the early reviews are in for Need for Speed, the movie, which comes out.
By the time you guys already hear this, it will have already been out for the weekend,
but for us it's out tomorrow.
And early Metacritic score shows a 38 with 3 positive reviews and 11 negative reviews.
Let's see. Let's see.
From the Austin Chronicles.
From the start, Need for Speed smells like a movie in search of a franchise.
On that count, it's somewhat fast, but seldom furious.
Rolling Stone says there's nothing to distract you from a plot.
So tired, there are tire tracks from other racing movies all over it.
So in other words, it sounds like this movie is just...
And again, for movie critics especially that probably don't give two shits about the game,
it just sounds like it's just a ripoff of all the other racing movies, notably Fast and Furious.
Which didn't we call that?
Well, I think anybody could have called that, Jamie, unfortunately.
Video game movies, I know we had a...
Who liked it?
We had a talk... The Dissolve is the name of the site, who gave it a 70, which is considered positive out of 100.
Need for Speed modifies its outlaw anti-hero with all sorts of unnecessary pain and backstory,
and the film is slow to leave the starting gate because of it.
But once it does, Need for Speed becomes a much fleeter vehicle, powered by impressive practical stunt work,
eye-popping cross-country landscapes, and the sparking chemistry between Paul and Poots.
Imogen Poots is their name, I guess.
It was kind of interesting that all the stunts in the movie are practical.
Yeah, and so The Dissolve is basically saying, you know what, the graphics are really good.
Let's see how many more racing metaphors we can fit into this review.
Lord.
Can we get a burnout movie now?
That would be... I want a good video game movie, is that too much to ask?
I just want a good one, I want one that's gonna get a good...
I've seen a good one, but it was animated.
The Animal Crossing movie was really good. It was super cute.
Silent Hill wasn't bad. I like that.
Probably Silent Hill had a pretty bad Metacritic as well.
So who knows, again, disclaimer, that's all Metacritic, and these are critics,
and popcorn audiences don't always agree with critics.
So who knows, maybe Needs for Speed isn't all that terrible.
I think what we're gonna get into now, let's do the classic...
If that was all the news, that was all the news, right, Logie?
Yeah, there's... Seriously, I don't understand what the drama is with resolutions
and downgraded graphics and stuff like that.
This week, with Watch Dogs, there was people complaining about downgraded graphics,
and now Dark Souls 2 saying that they were advertising this brand new lighting engine,
and it was in the reveal that they showed in 2013, and also the Tokyo Game Show demo,
and even what they were showing, I guess, prior to launch,
and then the game comes out and doesn't have it.
Well, maybe it was suffering performance.
Maybe it was one thing on the dev kits and another when the game played.
It's just lighting. Is the game fun, yes or no?
I don't know. I haven't played it.
I don't know.
But, you know, people bitch about it.
I installed lighting modes on Mass Effect 3, so...
They're even trying to get a Twitter campaign going to make Namco explain why.
A change.org petition.
Is that the White House one where they have to respond if they get 100,000 signatures?
I think that's whitehouse.gov.
Whitehouse.gov.
I don't know.
Just another internet petition.
But, as we talked about with Smash Brothers before, it works. Sometimes it works.
Hey, those petitions prove that there are people that work for this government that have a sense of humor.
Alright, speaking of having a sense of humor, let's go to the classic game of the week.
You know, back in the day, if a game sucked...
You were a sucker for buying it. There was really nothing you could do about it.
But, yeah, we're gonna take a step into the gaming vault.
Or maybe, actually, Dark Soccer might just reach into her pocket.
I'm gonna pick a game that's as old as me.
Alright. Dark Soccer's gonna pull a game out of her pocket.
And it's the classic game of the week, which, by the way, we have no video for this this week because...
Why?
Yeah, it's such an old game. Well, this makes Jason's job doing the YouTube very easy.
I don't know. He'll probably find something.
He'll find something.
Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
Snake. Just Snake.
Basically, Snake began with a game called Blockade, which was developed by a company called Gremlin in 1976.
And if I have to really fucking explain what Snake... Okay, fine.
Snake, you play a dot. And you move around, and you try not to run into your own ass.
Basically...
You don't want to eat your own ass, basically, is the goal of Snake.
Do not eat your own ass.
I'm sure somewhere out there, there is a human centipede clone of that game.
Hush, hush, hush, hush. No, no, no, no. Trauma. Trauma.
So basically, as you keep going through different points, your tail grows longer until you really can run out of places to turn, and then you eat your own ass.
And that's for failing the game. You die from ass overload.
So anyway...
Little bit of ass now and then.
Too much!
So anyway, as I said, it started with a game called Blockade that came out in 1976.
1978. Atari did an unofficial port.
And then they did a home console that's called Surround.
So it actually was one of the Atari 2600 launch titles.
And it was sold by Sears as Chase.
And then Bally did a version that's called Checkmate.
So the first personal computer version of it was called Worm.
And that was done by Peter Trefanis on the TRS-80 computer.
And then there were other versions that came out on the Commodore PET, the Apple II.
And then there was another version that that same guy did called Hustle.
And then Milton Bradley released it later.
There were versions on the BBC Micro.
There were versions for MS-DOS called Nibbles.
Then it was a Cubasic sample program.
We had an analog version called Anaconda that was included in Timesplitters 2.
And then there's versions in Neopets called Mirka Chase.
Rob, did you ever play Mirka Chase?
I don't think so, no.
I played some of those other games.
I mean, Surround on the 2600.
I'm dating myself, but I remember playing that as a kid.
Well, it also used to have, and this was in Gmail until 2012.
There was a version that was called Old Snakey.
And then came the Nokia phones.
So basically, thanks to Nokia, Snake made a huge resurgence.
Hold up, though. Hold up, though. This is very important.
Because you missed the most important version of Snake.
Shush, shush, shush, shush. No, I know.
Okay. All right.
I will go back to my text messaging.
Girl.
Anyways, so on the Nokia phone, there was Snake, which we all remember.
We had Snake 2.
We had Snake Xenia, or Xenzia, that was it. Snake Xenzia.
That was on some of the color ones as well.
Snake EX on the color phones that looked kind of like Snake for the SNES.
And you could play multiplayer through Bluetooth and infrared.
Ooh.
There was Snakey X2.
Snakes, which is a 3D version for the N-Gage.
Snake 3, which was another 3D version, where you played as a living Snake.
And then Snakes Subsonic.
Also, the Museum of Modern Art in New York City said that the Nokia port of Snake
was one of 40 games that they wanted to add to the museum's collection.
There are other games that are pretty similar, like the Light Cycles and Tron.
Uh, Nibbler Snafu for the Intellivision.
Thank you, by the way. That's what I was waiting for.
No, no. There's more.
You missed the really important one.
We also had Pizza Worm, Snake Bite for Apple II, Snake Ball on PS3,
and there was Space Ball on LG different phones.
We have Snake for iOS 7, Snake Classic for iOS.
So there's all these different versions, but now...
And the most important one that I can't believe you guys forgot.
No, I didn't forget.
Let her finish.
Good lord.
We had Snake 360 and Snake 361 by YYR.
There you go.
Good lord, can't I sue my segment?
No.
You're not doing it fast enough, yes.
The most important one was next to Tron. Sorry, YYR.
You know we love you here at OLR, but I do rank Tron's Light Bikes
above Snake 360 and 361, but you get a nice, solid silver medal.
Just saying.
God.
Like I would fucking forget.
Oh my god.
Is that actually in the...
No, it's not.
So I had to go find it because stupid article didn't even mention it, bastards.
How rude.
Someone edit Wikipedia.
Alright.
By the way, I would also like to add a happy note that has nothing to do with Snake.
Okay.
Today my husband found out he was hired for a new job, so he...
Lord.
Did you just level up upon hearing this news?
No, that was Dan texting me.
Yeah, that's Dan's text message is the one-up sound from Super Mario Brothers.
My hubby got hired at a new job.
Congrats.
And he will be telling Radio Shack to bite his ass.
Just like Snake.
Like Snake.
Bite my snake, man.
I got a snake, man.
Nah.
Alright.
I'm not gonna be doing the Adam Sandler thing.
Is that it for the classic game?
Yeah, it is.
Now are you done?
Are you sure you're finished?
Have you...
You might be forgetting something.
Are you sure?
Do not make me pick up my iPad here.
My beautiful iPad of which I am loyal, loyal, loyal to.
Loki, are you satisfied with Dark Soccer's coverage of Snake?
I think it's fine.
Alright, it's...
You know what?
I'm a strong woman and I don't have to answer to any men.
It was like, this is nothing about women versus men, this is me versus you.
I know.
Hey, I can still pull the feminist thing on it.
Well, take your feminism and...
You know what?
Just for that, you have to buy me food.
How the hell does that work out?
Tacos, Rob, tacos.
I have to buy you food.
No, I'll buy...
Because you're feeling oppressed, so you want a taco.
I'll buy my own food.
Thank you.
Anyway...
I want Mongolian barbecue.
I want, I want, gimme, gimme, me, me, I, I.
I want the world.
I want the whole world.
Alright.
You know what I want?
I want people to send us emails because usually we would do the mailbag segment right here,
but our mailbag was dried up.
We got fuck all.
There was nothing there.
Uh, not even spam anymore, thank God, but if you want to send us an email for a future
show...
Tell us, tell us about your favorite snake memory.
I don't want to know about your snake.
Participate at Orange...
Keep it in your pants.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to email us.
I don't need snakes.
But what we do have this week is that we have somewhat of a Fugal Question of the Week.
Inspire your Google.
This week on our Facebook and Google Plus communities, and when you take those words
and you slam them together, you get Fugal.
Instead of doing a little bit of, uh, you know, asking our listeners a question and
them giving us their best answers, we figured since this week was a bit of a special show
and we had a little more time to do something more freeform, we would do some Ask OrangeLounge.
Yay!
So, we allowed the listeners on our Facebook and Google Plus communities to ask us whatever
they wanted to, and we're going to read some of these right now and answer them.
So let's start with Google Plus.
Sure.
Alright.
Our friend Renee.
I love Renee.
She used to go by DNL.
Remember that?
Yes.
Love Renee.
DNL Dreams, right?
Ah, that's right.
DNL Dreams.
It always makes me think of the soda.
Renee wants to know, what are you looking forward to the most at GDC, and do you have
any predictions for announcements?
What are you looking forward to the most at a Game Developers Conference?
You know, I don't usually think of Game Developers Conference as a place for a lot of announcements.
I still feel like it's, you know, it's more for the industry to kind of get together and
network and, you know, talk about development on that kind of level, not necessarily talk
about news.
So my expectations are very, very, very low.
However, I'm sure we've all heard about that buzz that Sony might unveil their Oculus Rift
competitor or, fingers crossed, maybe partnership, probably not.
But there's that thought that Sony may announce something VR related, which wouldn't be out
of character for Sony to make a big announcement like that at GDC because Sony did announce
the move at GDC one year, and I think they've done something else there before.
So it would be neat to hear more about maybe how virtual reality will be coming to this
current generation of gaming, but I don't have that expectation because I'd be definitely
setting myself up for disappointment if I did.
So, Loki, anything quickly that you can think of for GDC, what are you looking forward to?
Sony VR and more footage of Goat Simulator.
More footage of Goat Simulator.
Good answer, good answer.
You know what, Rene, I have another answer.
I'm looking forward to some of my unemployed friends in the industry, especially after
all these layoffs we've heard about recently.
You know, we just had PopCap today and Sony Santa Monica.
I'm looking forward for them to be able to network and find themselves a new home.
That's what I'm looking forward to.
Getting more talent back in the pool.
That's my answer.
And Sony VR.
All right.
May I answer the question too?
Of course.
Maybe Mass Effect stuff.
The end.
Never mind.
And goats.
You can't answer the question anymore.
I also second goat.
All right.
Dark Soccer, you can start with answering this one from Rettertainment.
Rettertainment says, there are people who deride the Mario franchise as a series of
semi-vague drug references.
I am of the opinion that people who think that way are overly cynical and long out of
touch with their inner child.
Your thoughts?
Yeah.
They need to lighten up and stop being assholes.
Play some Mario and fucking like it.
The Mario games are awesome.
They are meant to stimulate that inner child in a non-perverted way.
Hand-eye coordination, right?
Yes.
Apparently your dream is to be a prince, by the way.
It is.
My hand-eye coordination.
Well, we don't care about that kind of hand-eye coordination.
People need to get off their high horse.
Just get off your high fussy flippin' high horse and just fucking let people enjoy a
damn game.
If you don't like it, don't be a bitch about it.
Stop fussing.
You can find drug references in anything if you want to look.
I wasn't talking about drug references.
Let's talk about being perverted.
But that's what he says.
He says that Mario is a semi-vague drug references.
I guess because, you know, mushrooms make you a bit...
Come on.
No.
You can find drug references in anything.
That has fucking nothing to do with drugs.
Mushrooms are good for you.
You know, the name Orange Lawns Radio, totally a drug reference.
Mushrooms...
Because, you know, we just lounge around and get high.
Mushrooms are high in protein.
They make you grow stronger.
Mushrooms are good for you.
Not to mention medicinal.
But that doesn't mean you pick them out of the backyard and eat them.
No.
That's gross.
I mean, you can if you want to die or something or hallucinate.
I don't fucking care.
This is what you get for getting me after work, Rob.
All right.
Loki, is Mario a bunch of drug references?
No, they're not that clever.
See, I was just focusing on the child thing.
By the way, Crazy Taxi is free right now on iOS.
Nice.
Let's make some crazy money.
Because that game wasn't drug influenced whatsoever.
All right.
We're gonna make some crazy money.
Take me to Kentucky.
Was it drug influenced?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it was.
And look, all the passengers want to go to, like, KFC and Pizza Hut.
You know why?
Because they're high and they're hungry.
Because Pepsi paid for that.
All right.
New question from Flaco Jones.
What would be on your wish list of improvements for a sequel to one of your favorite games?
For example, I would like Ni No Kuni 2 to contain even more Ghibli animated cut scenes.
And it would be awesome if they added couch co-op, similar to the way it works in Tales of Celia,
where your friends can control the other party members during battle.
Isn't that kind of like Secret of Mana too?
But anyway, what is on your wish list of improvements to a sequel to one of your favorite games?
Better Riding for the Next Mass Effect.
And Bring Back Jennifer Hale.
Better Riding and Bring Back Jennifer Hale.
And Garrus.
All right.
Loki?
Saints Row. Saints Row 3 and Saints Row 4 were all a dream.
Go back to Saints Row 2.
Write Saints Row 3 and 4 out of the canon, all right?
How are they going to make a new game?
It's just so beyond ridiculous.
It's the classic Matrix problem.
You gave Neo two main powers too early, and now where do you go from there?
You don't. You end the series.
I would say Saints Row 5, Saints in Space, but I guess they really already did that in Saints Row 4.
They did that already. That was Saints Row 4.
I don't know then. I don't know then.
Let's see. My wish for improvements to a sequel for one of my favorite games,
I would like for The Guardian Legend 2 to exist.
That would be the list.
That would be fantastic.
That would be my improvement I would like to make, because I would like that game to exist.
It would still be fucking hard as fuck.
I would also like for maybe there to be like a Blaster Master sequel, like a proper one.
You go back and give me a real Blaster Master sequel, not like the Genesis thing or even that thing on the Wii,
which wasn't horrible, but it just wasn't as good as it should have been.
Oh, I know. How about for the next Castlevania sequel, you go back to your roots.
That would be a good thing too, because it doesn't sound like this new one is selling well at all,
and I think there's a reason for that.
Or how about a crossover game?
You steal men's souls and make them your slave.
Yes, I want bad voice acting in the next Castlevania game.
Why can't they have a crossover game with Samus and Simon Belmont, and then they can have Metroidvania?
It'd have to be Alucard, or Richter.
Why not?
All right, let's go to Facebook.
We have some of the questions on Facebook.
AZHP, you know him as our double gold star emailer, says,
DarkSakura may be able to spot spelling and grammatical errors in our emails,
but can she see why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
No, because that shit's nasty.
DarkSakura is yet again wrong. That is my favorite breakfast cereal, Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
It's fake cinnamon. It doesn't have, it has some real cinnamon in it, but like,
okay, you know the problem I have with fake cinnamon, right?
What?
I can't deal with the smell, I can't deal with the taste,
and I actually think that I react, like, that's why I can't have that Fireball stuff,
because it's fake cinnamon, or those little red hots, I can't have them either.
I can't have fake cinnamon, and the Cinnamon Toast Crunch just was, it smelled wrong to me,
and it just didn't taste anything like Cinnamon Toast.
But it's like eating sugar cubes for breakfast.
I know, keep in mind when I was a kid-
The problem with Cinnamon Toast Crunch is it loses all the cinnamon in the milk.
It's just not good after, it turns into mush.
Dry though, fantastic.
When I was a kid-
I don't eat cereal with milk.
I ate Grape Nuts, in total.
Oh, you're weird.
And Cracklin' Oat Bran.
Those were my three favorite, I kid you not, those were my three favorite cereals as a kid.
Although, I do love me some Frosted Mini Wheats.
Now, I, okay, Frosted Mini Wheats to this day is my favorite cereal ever,
but when I was a kid, as much as I loved those, I loved eating fucking Total and Grape Nuts and Cracklin' Oat Bran.
Grape Nuts aren't bad, actually.
Grape Nuts is awesome. Have you had it hot?
No.
I finally got around to having it hot, and it was good.
Going back to what Loki was saying, remember, I don't eat cereal with milk.
Like, I don't do that. Like, I'm weird like that.
I'm not the only person I've ever met that does it that way, though.
You know what I do with the Grape Nuts? There's more tangent about Grape Nuts.
I actually mix a little heavy whipping cream in it just enough to moisten it up,
and then I actually do add legit cinnamon and sugar to the top of it, and then I nuke it.
Cinnamon Toast Grape Nuts.
But it's actually cinnamon in it, real legit cinnamon.
Alright, Loki, anything else on breakfast cereal, or can I go to the next question?
I was gonna say that Honey Grahams are pretty awesome. Or Golden Grahams, I'm sorry.
Oh, Golden Grahams are pretty good.
No, I also hate Cheerios.
Really?
The only ones I like are the Honey Nut Cheerios.
Yeah, the Honey Nut ones are really good.
But I, like, hate regular Cheerios.
Frosted ones are good, too.
I know, yuck.
You ever had Crispix? That's my other favorite cereal.
I like Crispix.
Anyway.
And Chex.
Now I'm getting hungry from some cereal.
You know what? I'm low-carbing, so no.
Alright.
We have a series of questions from Ospher, who tailor-made a question for each of us.
You ready for this?
Ooh.
Starts with Dark Sakura.
Of course.
Dark Sakura from Ospher.
Have you ever watched the anime Higurashi no Naku Koro ni?
It's pretty fantastic, and absolutely terrifying.
To be honest, I actually have it downloaded. It's on my list.
But right now, I am finishing up Gatchaman Crowds, and I have Kill La Kill on my list next.
I have just finished the first run of Shingeki no Kyojin and Claymore, so I'm sort of progressing.
But right now, Gatchaman Crowds is what I'm finishing.
Which, by the way, is fucking weird, and has really nothing to do with Gatchaman other than, like, odd references.
So the answer to your question is no.
No. But I have it. But I have it, and I will watch it.
It's on the to-do list.
It's on the list.
All right. You guys should have a Skype party. You can watch it together.
No.
That'd be fun. All right.
A question for me. Oh, boy.
Has your fear of dogs grown less over the years?
Also, do your hips not lie?
Do my hips not lie about what?
It's bigness?
Dear Rob's Hips, tell me a story.
Hi, I'm Rob's Hips, and I only tell the truth.
Feed me a donut.
That's the truth.
Did you hear Dunkin' Donuts is coming to Sacramento? I'm so fucking excited.
I really like Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch is my favorite.
I don't know why my hips sound like that, but...
And I'm... Thank God it's a radio show, because I'm actually shaking in my chair when my hips talk.
That's why I love you.
You okay?
Shut up.
Let me get to the other question.
I blame Oscar for all this.
My hips don't like to get bit by dogs either.
So, on a serious note, if you didn't know, I know I've talked about this on the show at some point before,
but I have struggled since a very young age. I have had a fear of dogs.
And it goes back to when I was five years old, I was actually bit by a dog.
I was doing the thing a five-year-old kid would do, and I was riding my bike around the neighborhood,
and I tried to pet the dog, and the dog took a chunk out of my leg.
I make it sound more dramatic than it was, but when you're a five-year-old kid, that's sure what it felt like.
Everything is dramatic. Everything is terrible.
My mom threw a fit, and I remember the whole, like, oh my God, you have rabies,
and just the whole fallout from that whole thing.
And granted, my mom's overreaction to the situation didn't help.
However, the dog...
Well, I mean, but at the same time, some neighbors' carelessness in letting their dog loose around the neighborhood biting a kid
probably drove her fucking nuts, so I do give her credit for that.
But anyway, so yes, I've had a fear of dogs. It's mostly big dogs.
I'm getting better with small dogs.
Little yapper types?
Little yappers actually annoy the shit out of me still.
So that's different than fear, isn't it?
No. If the dog shows their teeth, that's kind of the big fear for me.
So maybe your fear is dog dentistry.
Perhaps. I don't know. But, like, my grandma used to own poodles, and I didn't want to be near those things,
because they always kind of, like, growl, and they show their teeth a lot.
But then, like, my other grandma on my dad's side had a little dachshund, and that thing was sweet, and never, you know, it was very quiet.
Which is weird, because they're kind of yapper, too.
Yeah, no, not this one. And for real, I love corgis.
Corgis are the best.
So I'm getting better, especially with the smaller dogs.
I still, the big ones, like, for instance, you know, and I think she'd be okay if I talked about this on the air.
Jessica from Understation Live talks openly about her dog Chewbacca, which is a big, big doggy.
Big drooly dog.
Yeah. And I'm getting better with Chewbacca.
Like, she still has the courtesy to put Chewbacca away if she knows I'm coming over, which is very nice.
But, you know, and I always feel bad, because I'm like, oh, God, she shouldn't have to do that, just because I've got issues, you know, or whatever.
I'm getting better with that. And it's just, I think it's just about, you really just kind of have to...
I'm sure there's so many of you out there going, like, what, really? Rob's got, like, but I can't explain it to you guys.
Did you ever see One-Two, Will's dog?
Mm-mm.
Yeah, I usually make sure that if he's over, and I know you're coming over, that I warn you about One-Two.
Right.
But she's a half-pit.
But she doesn't bark. She doesn't...
She tried to bite Midna once, but actually it was more that she was trying to play with Midna's tail while I was carrying her.
Other than that, she's like a sap.
The thing that really set me back was about six months ago, when I was going out to my car in the morning, and there was a giant dog in the parking lot,
running around, not with a leash on, and of course, when a dog sees me, it runs up to me, and I literally flash back to being five years old.
And I thought the dog was going to attack me, and I, like, froze. I got, like, I freaked out.
I ran back to my apartment and slammed the door, and the dog was waiting outside for me, and it was like a scene out of a scary movie.
And I'm sure there's a lot of people sitting there going, this is ridiculous, but I can't tell you how much terror I felt that day.
And Tumblr listeners, I'm going to tell you right now, that's called a trigger.
Those things are legit.
Yeah.
Being mildly uncomfortable by something is not a fucking trigger.
Having a full-on anxiety attack.
Yeah.
Or a meltdown is a fucking trigger.
I had a panic attack that morning.
So, stop using being mildly uncomfortable to describe a trigger.
You perfectly described an actual legit trigger.
So, and for the record, if I may, parents, if you have children, teach them to extend a hand to be smelled before touching an animal.
All right. I got to move through this fast here, because we're running kind of late here, so I'm going to burn through the rest of these questions.
But Osford did have one more for Loki.
Loki, what would you say is your favorite alcoholic beverage?
Uh, probably a screwdriver. That's all I really drink.
All right. We're going to go lightning round with the rest of these questions. You ready?
KJ, dear OLR crew, I have a question for you. Worst game ever. Go.
Uh, I blocked it from my memory.
Loki?
Oh, I do-
Um, I'd probably say Yaris.
Um, I'm actually going to say WCW Thunder. That was really awful.
Candy Crush Saga.
Uh, Delvin, I would like to know the OLR's crew's thoughts on DLC.
Titanfall season passes $25. Ghost is getting a map pack for $15.
Is DLC becoming, starting to become a money grab?
A way for developers to make a $60 game and then charge you for more content that they could have included or given you for free anyways.
What are your thoughts?
Delvin, in all honesty, this debate done already finished because we're still buying the DLC and this is kind of not a new thing anymore.
I bought all the ones for Mass Effect because it actually added something to the game.
Yeah, that's the thing. What is the $60 really buying you? I think that's the question you really have to ask in evaluating a game.
All right, two more. Gaming Nerd says,
How long before we get a Rob and Jamie podcast all about your favorite places to dine and foods you love to prepare and diet choices?
Next week.
I've got three podcasts. Isn't that enough?
I might do one just called The Tangent.
All right, and lastly, and I'll throw this one to Loki because he hasn't got an answer on here.
Degenerate Johnny says, I would like to know if you have a preference towards red or white wine. If so, what is your favorite?
I hate wine.
White wine for me.
You know what? I would have said red until Frivolo. And now it just is Frivolo.
All right. All right. Well, we have to wrap up because it's getting late and it is a school night.
But we do want to thank you guys for tuning into the show tonight.
And even though it was kind of a shorter show, a little bit of an abbreviated show.
Thank you very much for your continued support of the show.
You know, we ask, guys, if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Laundrie, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help spread the word about independent podcasting.
And even if, for whatever reason, you didn't like the show here or you need something else to listen to for the other hour and a half you're not getting tonight, go listen to other independent podcasts.
Support independent podcasting.
And if you really like us, buy us dinner.
We might go home with you.
All right. We're going to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
Potato bar tomorrow.
Potato bar.
My final thought is moving in two days. Oh, boy.
Darsaka, your final thought?
Question everything and Mongolian barbecue.
All right. That's going to do it for another week here of Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll be back live in just seven days to do it all over again.
Have a great week, everybody. Good night.
Tune in to VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching.